HOME PAGE: 

- Turning Vision Into Reality With Code And Design. 
- As a skilled full-stack developer, I am dedicated to turning ideas into innovative web applications. 
Explore my latest projects and articles, showcasing my expertise in React.js and web development.

--------------------------------------------------------------

ABOUT PAGE:

- Passion Fuels Purpose! 
- Hi, I'm CodeBucks, a web developer and UI/UX designer with a passion for creating beautiful, functional, 
and user-centered digital experiences. With 4 years of experience in the field. I am always looking for 
new and innovative ways to bring my clients' visions to life.

- I believe that design is about more than just making things look pretty – it's about solving problems and 
creating intuitive, enjoyable experiences for users. 

- Whether I'm working on a website, mobile app, or 
other digital product, I bring my commitment to design excellence and user-centered thinking to 
every project I work on. I look forward to the opportunity to bring my skills and passion to your next project.

--------------------------------------------------------------

EXPERIENCE: 



ARTICLES PAGE:

- Words Can Change The World! 

Build A Custom Pagination Component In Reactjs From Scratch
Learn how to build a custom pagination component in ReactJS from scratch. 
Follow this step-by-step guide to integrate Pagination component in your ReactJS project.
9 min read

Creating Stunning Loading Screens In React: Build 3 Types Of Loading Screens
Learn how to create stunning loading screens in React with 3 different methods. 
Discover how to use React-Loading, React-Lottie & build a custom loading screen. 
Improve the user experience.
10 min read

Form Validation In Reactjs: Build A Reusable Custom Hook For Inputs And Error Handling

Silky Smooth Scrolling In Reactjs: A Step-By-Step Guide For React Developers

Creating An Efficient Modal Component In React Using Hooks And Portals

Build A Fabulous Todo List App With React, Redux And Framer-Motion

Redux Simplified: A Beginner's Guide For Web Developers

What Is Higher Order Component (Hoc) In React?



